Add meta description to some pages (#3794)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/getting-started/use_cases/configuration_assessment.rst

.. Copyright (C) 2021 Wazuh, Inc.
.. meta::

>   :description: Check out some case uses of the Wazuh Security Configuration Assessment capability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :description: Check out some use cases of the Wazuh Security Configuration Assessment capability.
```
